docs/lib/index.md, before:

Usage as a JavaScript library
---

nxapi exports it's API library and types. nxapi is split into several modules that can be imported separately.

> You must set a user agent string using the `addUserAgent` function when using anything that contacts non-Nintendo APIs, such as the imink API.

> Please read https://github.com/frozenpandaman/splatnet2statink/wiki/api-docs and https://github.com/JoneWang/imink/wiki/imink-API-Documentation if you intend to share anything you create.

> By default nxapi will fetch certain settings, mostly version numbers to report to Nintendo, from my server. This can be disabled using environment variables.

> nxapi uses native ECMAScript modules. nxapi also uses features like top-level await, so it cannot be converted to CommonJS using Rollup or similar. If you need to use nxapi from CommonJS modules or other module systems, use a [dynamic import](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/import).
>
> For TypeScript projects, this means you need to set `moduleResolution` to `node16` (or `nodenext`) (https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#moduleResolution). I recommend setting the following options:
>
> ```jsonc
> {
>     "compilerOptions": {
>         "strict": true,
>         "target": "es2020",
>         "module": "node16",
>         "moduleResolution": "node16",
>         "skipLibCheck": true
>     }
> }
> ```

> If you need any help using nxapi as a library [join the Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/4D82rFkXRv) or [create a discussion](https://github.com/samuelthomas2774/nxapi/discussions/new).

Example authenticating to the Nintendo Switch Online app:

> This is a simplified example of authenticating to the Coral API and using cached tokens. More logic is required to ensure you are using these APIs properly, and to renew expired tokens - [see src/common/auth/coral.ts for the authentication functions used in nxapi's CLI and Electron app](src/common/auth/coral.ts).

```ts
import { addUserAgent } from 'nxapi';
import CoralApi, { CoralAuthData } from 'nxapi/coral';

addUserAgent('your-script/1.0.0 (+https://github.com/...)');

declare function getCachedCoralToken(): [CoralAuthData, Date];
declare function setCachedCoralToken(auth_data: CoralAuthData, expires_at: Date): void;
declare function getNintendoAccountSessionToken(): string;

let coral;

try {
    const [auth_data, expires_at] = getCachedCoralToken();
    if (expires_at.getTime() > Date.now()) throw new Error('Token expired');

    coral = CoralApi.createWithSavedToken(auth_data);
} catch (err) {
    const na_session_token = getNintendoAccountSessionToken();
    const {nso, data} = await CoralApi.createWithSessionToken(na_session_token);
    setCachedCoralToken(data, Date.now() + (data.credential.expiresIn * 1000));
    coral = nso;
}

const friends = await coral.getFriendList();
```

Example getting SplatNet 2 records:

> This example does not include authenticating to SplatNet 2. To benefit from the caching in the nxapi command, the `nxapi splatnet2 token --json` command can be used in most scripts. For example:
>
> ```sh
> SPLATNET_TOKEN=`nxapi splatnet2 token --json` node your-script.js
> ```
>
> your-script.js can then read the iksm_session, unique player ID and region like this:
>
> ```ts
> import SplatNet2Api from 'nxapi/splatnet2';
>
> const data = JSON.parse(process.env.SPLATNET_TOKEN);
> const splatnet2 = SplatNet2Api.createWithCliTokenData(data);
> ```

```ts
import SplatNet2Api from 'nxapi/splatnet2';

const iksm_session = '...';
const unique_id = '...';
const splatnet2 = SplatNet2Api.createWithIksmSession(iksm_session, unique_id);

const records = await splatnet2.getRecords();
```

### Install

nxapi should be installed as a project dependency rather than a globally installed package. TypeScript definitions are included and do not need to be installed separately.

```sh
# From registry.npmjs.com
npm install nxapi

# From gitlab.fancy.org.uk
npm install --registry https://gitlab.fancy.org.uk/api/v4/packages/npm/ @samuel/nxapi

# From npm.pkg.github.com
npm install --registry https://npm.pkg.github.com @samuelthomas2774/nxapi

# From gitlab.com
npm install --registry https://gitlab.com/api/v4/packages/npm/ @samuelthomas2774/nxapi
```

### `nxapi`

This module contains some generic utility functions and types.

#### `getTitleIdFromEcUrl`

This function takes a https://ec.nintendo.com/apps/... URL (provided by some Nintendo APIs) and returns the title ID in the URL. `null` is returned if the URL is not a valid Nintendo eShop URL containing a title ID.

```ts
import { getTitleIdFromEcUrl } from 'nxapi';

const title_id = getTitleIdFromEcUrl('https://ec.nintendo.com/apps/0100f8f0000a2000/GB?lang=en-GB');
// title_id === '0100f8f0000a2000'
```

If you are using Nintendo eShop links but do not know the user's Nintendo eShop region, you may use nxapi's Nintendo eShop region selection page.

> https://fancy.org.uk/api/nxapi/title/0100f8f0000a2000/redirect

Please set an appropriate `source` query string parameter containing your project's name and version if you generate these links automatically.

> https://fancy.org.uk/api/nxapi/title/0100f8f0000a2000/redirect?source=myproject-1.0.0

#### `ErrorResponse`

An instance of this class is thrown when an invalid or failure response is received. This class extends from `Error`.

Note that this is only used when the HTTP response is received correctly (including for non-2xx status codes). If a request fails due to a network error or another reason node-fetch will throw a different error.

```ts
import { ErrorResponse } from 'nxapi';

try {
    // ...
} catch (err) {
    if (err instanceof ErrorResponse) {
        // err.body is the response data as a string
        // err.data is the decoded JSON response data, or undefined if JSON decoding fails
        // err.response is the Response object from node-fetch
        // err.name, err.message and err.stack are inherited from Error
    }
}
```

#### `addUserAgent`

This function is used to set the user agent string to use for non-Nintendo API requests. Any project using nxapi (including as a dependency of another project) must call this function with an appropriate user agent string segment. See [user agent strings](../../README.md#user-agent-strings).

#### `version`

nxapi's version number.

```ts
import { version } from 'nxapi';

// version === '1.3.0'
```

### `nxapi/coral`

This module exports the Coral (Nintendo Switch Online app) API library and types.

[See docs/lib/coral.md.](coral.md)

### `nxapi/moon`

This module exports the Moon (Nintendo Switch Parental Controls app) API library and types.

[See docs/lib/moon.md.](moon.md)

### `nxapi/splatnet2`

This module exports the SplatNet 2 API library and types, as well as functions for calculating X Rank seasons, as this is done by the SplatNet 2 web app, not the API.

[See docs/lib/splatnet2.md.](splatnet2.md)

### `nxapi/nooklink`

This module exports the NookLink API library and types.

[See docs/lib/nooklink.md.](nooklink.md)

### `nxapi/splatnet3`

This module exports the SplatNet 3 API library and types.

[See docs/lib/splatnet3.md.](splatnet3.md)

Commit message:

Add function to update user agent from package.json

docs/lib/index.md, after:

Usage as a JavaScript library
---

nxapi exports it's API library and types. nxapi is split into several modules that can be imported separately.

> You must set a user agent string using the `addUserAgent` function when using anything that contacts non-Nintendo APIs, such as the imink API.

> Please read https://github.com/frozenpandaman/splatnet2statink/wiki/api-docs and https://github.com/JoneWang/imink/wiki/imink-API-Documentation if you intend to share anything you create.

> By default nxapi will fetch certain settings, mostly version numbers to report to Nintendo, from my server. This can be disabled using environment variables.

> nxapi uses native ECMAScript modules. nxapi also uses features like top-level await, so it cannot be converted to CommonJS using Rollup or similar. If you need to use nxapi from CommonJS modules or other module systems, use a [dynamic import](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/import).
>
> For TypeScript projects, this means you need to set `moduleResolution` to `node16` (or `nodenext`) (https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#moduleResolution). I recommend setting the following options:
>
> ```jsonc
> {
>     "compilerOptions": {
>         "strict": true,
>         "target": "es2020",
>         "module": "node16",
>         "moduleResolution": "node16",
>         "skipLibCheck": true
>     }
> }
> ```

> If you need any help using nxapi as a library [join the Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/4D82rFkXRv) or [create a discussion](https://github.com/samuelthomas2774/nxapi/discussions/new).

Example authenticating to the Nintendo Switch Online app:

> This is a simplified example of authenticating to the Coral API and using cached tokens. More logic is required to ensure you are using these APIs properly, and to renew expired tokens - [see src/common/auth/coral.ts for the authentication functions used in nxapi's CLI and Electron app](src/common/auth/coral.ts).

```ts
import { addUserAgent } from 'nxapi';
import CoralApi, { CoralAuthData } from 'nxapi/coral';

addUserAgent('your-script/1.0.0 (+https://github.com/...)');

declare function getCachedCoralToken(): [CoralAuthData, Date];
declare function setCachedCoralToken(auth_data: CoralAuthData, expires_at: Date): void;
declare function getNintendoAccountSessionToken(): string;

let coral;

try {
    const [auth_data, expires_at] = getCachedCoralToken();
    if (expires_at.getTime() > Date.now()) throw new Error('Token expired');

    coral = CoralApi.createWithSavedToken(auth_data);
} catch (err) {
    const na_session_token = getNintendoAccountSessionToken();
    const {nso, data} = await CoralApi.createWithSessionToken(na_session_token);
    setCachedCoralToken(data, Date.now() + (data.credential.expiresIn * 1000));
    coral = nso;
}

const friends = await coral.getFriendList();
```

Example getting SplatNet 2 records:

> This example does not include authenticating to SplatNet 2. To benefit from the caching in the nxapi command, the `nxapi splatnet2 token --json` command can be used in most scripts. For example:
>
> ```sh
> SPLATNET_TOKEN=`nxapi splatnet2 token --json` node your-script.js
> ```
>
> your-script.js can then read the iksm_session, unique player ID and region like this:
>
> ```ts
> import SplatNet2Api from 'nxapi/splatnet2';
>
> const data = JSON.parse(process.env.SPLATNET_TOKEN);
> const splatnet2 = SplatNet2Api.createWithCliTokenData(data);
> ```

```ts
import SplatNet2Api from 'nxapi/splatnet2';

const iksm_session = '...';
const unique_id = '...';
const splatnet2 = SplatNet2Api.createWithIksmSession(iksm_session, unique_id);

const records = await splatnet2.getRecords();
```

### Install

nxapi should be installed as a project dependency rather than a globally installed package. TypeScript definitions are included and do not need to be installed separately.

```sh
# From registry.npmjs.com
npm install nxapi

# From gitlab.fancy.org.uk
npm install --registry https://gitlab.fancy.org.uk/api/v4/packages/npm/ @samuel/nxapi

# From npm.pkg.github.com
npm install --registry https://npm.pkg.github.com @samuelthomas2774/nxapi

# From gitlab.com
npm install --registry https://gitlab.com/api/v4/packages/npm/ @samuelthomas2774/nxapi
```

### `nxapi`

This module contains some generic utility functions and types.

#### `getTitleIdFromEcUrl`

This function takes a https://ec.nintendo.com/apps/... URL (provided by some Nintendo APIs) and returns the title ID in the URL. `null` is returned if the URL is not a valid Nintendo eShop URL containing a title ID.

```ts
import { getTitleIdFromEcUrl } from 'nxapi';

const title_id = getTitleIdFromEcUrl('https://ec.nintendo.com/apps/0100f8f0000a2000/GB?lang=en-GB');
// title_id === '0100f8f0000a2000'
```

If you are using Nintendo eShop links but do not know the user's Nintendo eShop region, you may use nxapi's Nintendo eShop region selection page.

> https://fancy.org.uk/api/nxapi/title/0100f8f0000a2000/redirect

Please set an appropriate `source` query string parameter containing your project's name and version if you generate these links automatically.

> https://fancy.org.uk/api/nxapi/title/0100f8f0000a2000/redirect?source=myproject-1.0.0

#### `ErrorResponse`

An instance of this class is thrown when an invalid or failure response is received. This class extends from `Error`.

Note that this is only used when the HTTP response is received correctly (including for non-2xx status codes). If a request fails due to a network error or another reason node-fetch will throw a different error.

```ts
import { ErrorResponse } from 'nxapi';

try {
    // ...
} catch (err) {
    if (err instanceof ErrorResponse) {
        // err.body is the response data as a string
        // err.data is the decoded JSON response data, or undefined if JSON decoding fails
        // err.response is the Response object from node-fetch
        // err.name, err.message and err.stack are inherited from Error
    }
}
```

#### `addUserAgent`

This function is used to set the user agent string to use for non-Nintendo API requests. Any project using nxapi (including as a dependency of another project) must call this function with an appropriate user agent string segment. See [user agent strings](../../README.md#user-agent-strings).

#### `addUserAgentFromPackageJson`

This function is used to set the user agent string to use for non-Nintendo API requests using data from a package.json file. A string, URL object or the package.json data can be provided, as well as optional additional data. If a string/URL is provided this will return a Promise that will be resolved once the user agent is updated. See [user agent strings](../../README.md#user-agent-strings).

#### `version`

nxapi's version number.

```ts
import { version } from 'nxapi';

// version === '1.3.0'
```

### `nxapi/coral`

This module exports the Coral (Nintendo Switch Online app) API library and types.

[See docs/lib/coral.md.](coral.md)

### `nxapi/moon`

This module exports the Moon (Nintendo Switch Parental Controls app) API library and types.

[See docs/lib/moon.md.](moon.md)

### `nxapi/splatnet2`

This module exports the SplatNet 2 API library and types, as well as functions for calculating X Rank seasons, as this is done by the SplatNet 2 web app, not the API.

[See docs/lib/splatnet2.md.](splatnet2.md)

### `nxapi/nooklink`

This module exports the NookLink API library and types.

[See docs/lib/nooklink.md.](nooklink.md)

### `nxapi/splatnet3`

This module exports the SplatNet 3 API library and types.

[See docs/lib/splatnet3.md.](splatnet3.md)
